Initial documentation for modular telemetry (#175)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/resources/03-logparser.md

# LogParser

> The `logparser.telemetry.kyma-project.io` CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) is a detailed description of the kind of data and the format used to define a custom log parser in Kyma. To get the up-to-date CRD and show the output in the YAML format, run this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `logparser.telemetry.kyma-project.io` CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) is a detailed description of the kind of data and the format used to define a custom log parser in Kyma. To get the current CRD and show the output in the YAML format, run this command:
```
